= Roller

Roller lets you run JSLint from the command line while specifying it's
options on a per-run basis.

== DESCRIPTION

Normally you have specify the JSLint options in each and every JavaScript
file you're going to run through it. That's dumb. Roller lets you set up
the default set of options and/or choose which ones to use each time you
run Roller.

== USAGE

    $ roll [options] <file>

<tt>options</tt> can be any combination of the flags below. <tt>file</tt>
is the JavaScript file you want to check.

=== JSLINT OPTION FLAGS

  --adsafe         ADsafe rules should be enforced. See http://www.ADsafe.org/.
  --bitwise        bitwise operators should not be allowed
  --browser        the standard browser globals should be predefined
  --cap            upper case HTML should be allowed
  --css            CSS workarounds should be tolerated
  --debug          debugger statements should be allowed.
  --devel          if browser globals that are useful in development should be predefined
  --eqeqeq         === should be required
  --evil           eval should be allowed
  --forin          unfiltered for in statements should be allowed
  --fragment       HTML fragments should be allowed
  --immed          immediate function invocations must be wrapped in parens
  --indent=N       the number of spaces used for indentation (default is 4)
  --laxbreak       statement breaks should not be checked
  --maxerr=N       the maximum number of warnings reported (default is 50)
  --maxlen=N       the maximum number of characters in a line
  --nomen          names should be checked for initial or trailing underbars
  --newcap         Initial Caps must be used with constructor functions
  --on             HTML event handlers should be allowed
  --onevar         only one var statement per function should be allowed
  --passfail       the scan should stop on first error
  --plusplus       ++ and -- should not be allowed
  --predef=a,b,c   an array of strings, the names of predefined global variables
  --regexp         . and [^...] should not be allowed in RegExp literals.
  --rhino          the Rhino environment globals should be predefined
  --safe           the safe subset rules are enforced.
  --strict         the ES5 "use strict"; pragma is required
  --sub            subscript notation may be used for expressions better expressed in dot notation.
  --undef          variables must be declared before used
  --white          trict whitespace rules apply
  --widget         Yahoo Widgets globals should be predefined
  --windows        Windows globals should be predefined

See http://www.jslint.com/lint.html#options for more information on each options.

=== CONFIGURING YOUR DEFAULTS

When installed, Roller creates the <tt>~/.roller</tt> directory with the
JSLint executable and the default options Roller will hand off to JSLint.
You can add or remove any options from the <tt>~/.roller/config.yaml</tt>
file to suit your needs.

Any options in the config file will be overwritten by ones passed in
at runtime via command line flags.

== REQUIREMENTS

* Rhino[http://www.mozilla.org/rhino/]

== INSTALL

  gem install roller

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.